updates from dev-productivity-framework team (#958)
pivotal/docs-tap: release-notes.md

* Enabled multiple cluster support for Application Live View.
* Split Application Live View components into three packages with new package reference names.

#### Tanzu CLI - Apps plugin
* `workload create/update/apply`:
  * Accept `workload.yaml` from stdin (via `--file -`).
  * Enable providing `spec.build.env` values (via new `–build.env` flag).

>   * When `--git-url` and `--git-tag` are provided, `git-branch` is not also required.

Reviewer: We don't have a `--git-url` flag. I think you mean that we can create workload specifying either `--git-tag`, `--git-branch` or both.

Author: good catch!

fixed in this commit https://github.com/heyjcollins/docs-tap/commit/16e2128b0c914cda9e5fe7522ebbdb7193a89557

* `workload list`:
  * Shorthand `-A` can be passed in for `--all-namespaces`.
* `workload get`:
  * Service Claim(s) details are returned in command output.
  * The existing STATUS value in the Pods table in the output reflects when a pod is “Terminating.” 

#### Service Bindings

* Apply human-readable [RFC-3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) timestamps to service binding logs.

> * Add TAP aggregate roles to support the Default Roles for Tanzu Application Platform (new feature referenced above).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add TAP aggregate roles to support Tanzu Application Platform Authentication and Authorization(new feature referenced above).
```

* Add support for servicebinding.io/v1beta1

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Corrected Postgres resource pluralization error.
```

#### Source Controller

> * Apply human-readable [RFC-3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) timestamps to source controller logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Apply [RFC-3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) timestamps to source controller logs.
```

> * Add TAP aggregate roles to support the Default Roles for Tanzu Application Platform (new feature referenced above).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add TAP aggregate roles to support Tanzu Application Platform Authentication and Authorization (new feature referenced above).
```

#### Spring Boot Conventions

> * Update logging format consistent with other TAP components to expedite troubleshooting. 

Reviewer 2: Duplicate, consider removing.
```suggestion

```

> * Apply human-readable [RFC-3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) timestamps to service binding logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Apply [RFC-3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) timestamps to service binding logs.
```

### <a id='1-1-resolved-issues'></a> Resolved issues

#### Tanzu CLI - Apps plugin
* Apps plugin no longer crashes when `KUBECONFIG` includes the colon (`:`) config file delimiter.
* `tanzu apps workload get`: Passing in `--output json` and `--export` flags together exports the workload in JSON
rather than YAML.
* `tanzu apps workload tail`: Duplicate log entries created for init containers have been removed.

> * `tanzu apps workload create/update/apply`
>   * When the `--wait` flag passed and the prompt "Do you want to create this workload?" 
>   is declined, the command immediately exits 0 rather than hanging (continuing to "wait").
>   * Workload name is now validated when the workload values are passed in via `--file workload.yaml`.
>   * When creating/applying a workload from –local-path, if user answers “No” to the prompt “Are you sure you want to publish your local code to [registry name] where others may be able to access it?”, the command now exits 0 immediately rather than showing the workload diff and prompting to continue with workload creation.

Reviewer 2: nit: spacing
```suggestion
* `tanzu apps workload create/update/apply`
* When the `--wait` flag passed and the prompt "Do you want to create this workload?" 
  is declined, the command immediately exits 0 rather than hanging (continuing to "wait").
* Workload name is now validated when the workload values are passed in via `--file workload.yaml`.
* When creating/applying a workload from –local-path, if user answers “No” to the prompt “Are you sure you want to publish your local code to [registry name] where others may be able to access it?”, the command now exits 0 immediately rather than showing the workload diff and prompting to continue with workload creation.
```

Author: The bullets were intentionally spaced that way because all the items under `tanzu apps workload create/update/apply` refer to updates made for those commands.
